[chorus singing] Open your eyes
This destiny
If I can't escape it
Then I'll swallow it all down
Both right and wrong
And I'll fight
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
The menace that dominates
The darkness in my troubled mind
The truth of a human
Who has begun to lose control
That meaninglessness
I've come to know it
If even counterfeit peace
Will break into pieces
I will cast
A defiant shadow
It's the end of escape
Stand up
Because it's the only way
Follow it
The small hope I aim for
The weakness that spilled
From the proffered hand
I swallowed it all down
Both right and wrong
And lost my mind
THIS COUNTRY IS GOING TO GET
A LITTLE UNSETTLED
[crowd]
You're holding a board meeting?!
Isn't that reckless?!
What will you do
if something happens?!
No matter what happens to me,
we will not give in to terrorists.
I'm Chief Cabinet Secretary Mitsui.
In response
to these repeated acts of terrorism,
the government has made plans
at this meeting
to take special measures
against certain Ajin.
And along with these measures,
the ministries have come together
to form a new defense unit.
The new unit will be called
the Anti-Ajin Special Forces.
What the hell...?
Forget about our civil rights, this just
keeps getting worse and worse! Damn it!
Anti-Ajin Special Forces?
How can we take on something like that?
Tanaka, what are we going
to do about this?
If we screw up,
we'll all end up in a lab!
I told you before...
there's no turning back now.
-Yeah, but--
-There's nowhere to go back to now.
We just have to trust Sato.
This is our new
and improved blinding laser.
Please have a look.
Zero point three seconds
of exposure damages the retina,
resulting in blindness.
We've also increased the power
of this Taser gun to 2 million volts.
Doesn't matter if you're an Ajin or not,
you will be immobilized instantly.
[man] It's wireless?
Yes. It's handy in a skirmish
and can now fire several shots in a row.
We've also made the impulse water cannons
smaller for dealing with IBMs.
Oh, and we've prepared
smoke grenades as well.
And, finally, this...
An airburst grenade launcher, jointly
developed with a German arms maker.
It hasn't been deployed
in a real fight yet,
but when we tested it here,
they started calling it "The Executioner."
It made the folks here very happy.
The Executioner, you say.
Since the grenade detonates
precisely above the target's head,
it renders
any sort of shielding ineffective.
Have a look.
We've verified how effective it is
by using it against the Ajin Tanaka.
The laser rangefinder measures
the distance to the target
and automatically sets the airburst
detonation position on the round's fuse.
An outstanding weapon.
I'm pleased that you like it.
I'll prep one
for each member of your team.
I honestly didn't think
they'd have progressed this far.
In a few days,
Sato will be headed for the lab.
Ah, that's right. Mr. Nekozawa.
Beginning next week some time,
you should probably go abroad for a while.
This country is going to get
a little unsettled.
Mr. Sato, just how far
do you intend to take this?
Hmm?
Until I've taken over the country.
[Nagai] We're putting our plan
into motion in two days.
This really will be our last chance.
The field is going
to be Musashi Heavy Industries HQ.
According to Mr. Tosaki's report,
the board meeting is going to be held
in the chairman's office on the top floor.
The AASF will be setting up a barricade
in the vicinity of the 24th floor.
We're going to hide ourselves here.
The supply room
on the 21st floor would be ideal.
So, when Sato and them attack,
we burst out and fight, yeah?
[Nagai] I haven't said anything
remotely like that.
[Izumi] We just wait to start.
We don't want to get tangled up
in the fight between the AASF and Sato.
Yeah, right.
If Sato takes out the AASF,
then we move.
Shimomura and myself
will handle close-quarters battles,
and you'll move to back us up, Nakano.
Mr. Tosaki, I'd like you
to be on radio support.
I've already got my tools ready to go.
That...
leaves only one more problem.
As far as the measures we need to take
in order to intervene in the fight...
This isn't the same situation
as we had with the minister.
-We should consider a different approach.
-Nobody asked you.
Come on, Mr. Tosaki,
don't tell me you're still mad.
Shut it.
I'll come up with something,
just like we planned.
Mr. Tosaki, I just can't agree with this.
-This could land you in prison for life.
-Just shut up and drive.
Yes, sir.
Former foreign mercenary rejects
from the Self Defense Force?
They worked under my predecessor,
and I kept them on board.
With the minister's permission,
of course.
You want to use them as insurance
in case the AASF goes down?
Exactly.
They're used to handling Ajin
and professionals
when it comes to combat.
This is out of the question.
Besides, you're off the commission.
The only reason there's been no formal
dismissal is the minister's assassination.
That's why I want one last chance.
[cell phone ringing]
What is it?
Okay, understood.
I'll be right there.
As you can see, I'm a busy man.
Forgive me, but I have to be going.
That day that we were attacked here,
I killed the Defense Department agent.
They found out
about us keeping Dr. Ogura.
Damn it all.
What the hell are you saying?
Have you finally lost your mind?
Perhaps.
But if I let this get out,
you and I are both going to hell.
Why me?
[man] Ikuya Ogura is alive.
I've gotta hand it to him.
To think he'd meddle
with one of the Americans...
We know nothing about this.
Is that clear?
We know nothing.
Mr. Tosaki is acting entirely
under his own authority.
Classic organized crime.
Guess I'll be seeing you in hell, friend.
So, we're adding four people
to the security force?
Five.
I'll have Shimomura with me.
Oh, and one more thing.
There's something else?
[Tosaki] Put me back on the commission.
[woman] Yes. This is Security.
[groans]
Mr. Sokabe?
So, things went well?
I got this for you.
Mr. Tosaki...
I'm sorry about the oth--
You were simply doing your job.
There's nothing to apologize for.
What are you doing? Let's go.
Yes, sir.
Our secret weapon's ready just in time.
[Sato] It's beautiful.
TOUTO UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
MUSASHI HEAVY INDUSTRIES
Hey, that's the...
Yeah, the AASF.
I'm coming to you 500 meters
from the HQ of Musashi Heavy Industries.
It is now less than six hours until
the time Sato has said he will attack.
Sources have told us that Anti-Ajin
Special Forces have been deployed
and are on guard.
Musashi Heavy Industries has also ordered
an evacuation of all its employees.
Only Chairman Hashiguchi and several of
the board members remain in the office.
Tonight,
we're going to bring the hammer down
on the last corporation
that treats Ajin like economic animals,
subjecting us to monstrous experiments.
This will be a giant step towards
the future that we are aiming for.
We leave at 1700 hours.
Let's make some noise.
Sorry for the wait!
[both panting]
[Izumi] We're in position.
Roger that.
FK, do you copy? We're counting on you
for ghost countermeasures.
That's no way to address a genius.
[Tosaki] Give orders the instant
there are any indications.
No matter how you slice it, I can't
really imagine we'll need the insurance.
Agreed. If the AASF can't beat him,
there'll be no one left in this country
who can stop Sato.
[woman] This is Comm 1,
satellite settings complete.
We've even got satellites?
Sparing no expense, I see.
We got permission
from the cabinet secretary.
The government isn't messing around.
We're going to put an end
to this nonsense today.
[woman] Under five minutes to go.
No change on the satellite image.
-[man 1] Point Two. All clear.
-[man 2] This is Point Three. All clear.
[man 3] Point Four here. All clear.
What's their plan?
Well, they won't be able
to take down the building.
There's no way
they can pull that off this time.
Our anti-airline terror measures
are in place.
We've also closed off the sewers.
This is an impregnable fortress.
[Sato] Well, let's get this started,
shall we?
Roger.
Mr. Chairman, it's almost time.
Hmm? Ah.
Let's get started.
NO ENTRY
-Hey! Stop right there!
-Unauthorized vehicle!
[man] This is Point Two! An unauthorized
vehicle has stopped at the barricade!
They're coming from the front?!
Like moths to the flame.
Don't worry about casualties!
Just secure it!
To anyone onboard! Get out of the vehicle
with both hands in the air! Now!
Get out!
Got him!
All too easy.
Secure the vehicle!
What is it?
Why, it's our secret weapon of course.
We need power! Power!
What's going on?!
It's coming down!
Run for cover!
You're up, Okuyama.
How...? How could this...?
-What happened?!
-Report!
All electronics are down!
They won't reboot!
We've lost all power!
Shimomura, do you copy?
Shimomura?! Damn it.
What's going on?
An EMP.
They made an explosive generator.
And that energy fries the circuitry
in any electronic device.
Every piece of electronics within a radius
of several hundred meters is likely dead.
[gasps]
[drones whirring]
What the hell?
Open fire!
Let's make some noise.
Damn it...
I love it when a plan comes together.
Okay, the anchor has been placed.
Pull the lead rope.
Roger.
What's going on?
Yo, Nagai!
Take it easy, Nakano.
Let your eyes adjust first.
Mr. Tosaki. Mr. Tosaki!
No good. The radios are dead, too.
What should--? What should we do?!
Just settle down, Nakano.
-We just need to wait like planned.
-No.
Let's move.
[man] Now I'm an electrician?
More like a power line technician.
Airburst grenade launcher, Taser gun,
blinding laser, all unusable.
Our comm equipment is down, too.
This situation may actually
have given us a chance.
I have an idea.
Discard all your electronics.
We're going with standard equipment.
[glass breaking then guns cocking]
[Sato] And now, a primal fight,
with only fire and blades.
Exciting, isn't it?
Is this actually gonna work?
Sato's a man of his word.
And that's going to be his undoing.
Let's put our plan into action.
TO BE CONTINUED
[chorus singing]
I'm tired of this one already, so
I'll trade it
For your ordinary one
A shiny holy card
For a grainy paper card
You can see them all
When you come to my house
So
Two of us in the corner of the schoolyard
While the wind blows
I might be able to say it now
Words I've never said to anyone
"Won't you come and play, I'll be nice"
"I'll give you anything, see"
"Be my friend
Always"
Created by:
Matt Duncan